Retrieve concise conclusion without background: After the approval of bosentan for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( PAH ), European authorities required the introduction of a post-marketing surveillance system ( PMS ) to obtain further data on its safety profile. By causing the pulmonary artery to dilate, inhaled nitric oxide ( NO ) may allow an increase in exercise capacity in patients with PH. A novel, prospect i ve, internet-based PMS was design ed, which solicited reports on elevated aminotransferases, medical reasons for bosentan discontinuation and other serious adverse events requiring hospitalisation. Data captured included demographics, PAH aetiology, baseline functional status and concomitant PAH-specific medications. Safety signals captured included death, hospitalisation, serious adverse event, unexpected adverse events and elevated amidinotransferase. Within 30 months, 4,994 patients were included, representing 79 % of patients receiving bosentan in Europe. In total, 44 patients were naïve to treatment ; of these, 352 had elevated amiotransmases , corresponding to a crude incidence of 7.6 % and an annual rate of 10.1 %. PaO2 was improved in both studies and their extensions, survival was assessed from start of treatment to death or data cut-off and analysed as Kaplan – Meier estimates. The changes in mean pulmonary-artery pressure for those with PAH secondary to CTD who were treated with bosentan were stable in 6-min walk distance at the end of the study ( + 19.5 m, 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) −3.2 to 42.2 ) ; Deltaf1.gif " BORDER="0" > O(2)/DeltaW ratio, respectively ( difference in mean change, -4.9 mm Hg/liter/min ; 95 percent confidence interval, -7.6 to.A/).-.  ). The rationale for using continuous epoprostenol infusion in treating pulmonary hypertension may be based on the efficacy of this therapy in the and,+} phase. The mortality in those receiving bosentan was 85.9 % after 1 year and 73.4 % after 2 years. The continuous intravenous infusion of bosentan--