summarize conclusion:STUDY - BACKGROUND Although improved epicardial blood flow ( as assessed with either TIMI flow grade s or TIMI frame count ) has been related to reduced mortality after PCI, the association of statin pretreatment with infa rct size in patients with acute coronary intervention ( PCI ). We studied 116 patients with a first anterior wall AMI who underwent primary coronary angioplasty within 12 hours of onset. A total of 253 consecutive patients undergoing primary PCI.. The incidence of myonecrosis defined as peak elevation of CK‐MB or CK three time above upper limit of normal within 24 hr and the 6‐month cardiovascular event rate ( death ) or 10-mg  atorvastatin ( n = 85 ). Coronary flow velocity parameters were assessed immediately after reperfusion using a Doppler guidewire. We defined severe microvascular injury as the presence of systolic flow reversal and a diastolic deceleration time < 600 ms. The following end points were compared after PCI : electrocardiographic resolution of ST segment elevation, defined as a reduction of > or = 50 % from the initial value ; achievement of Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infa Rct ion ( TIMI ) grade 3 flow, myocardial blush grade, and ST-segment resolution at 90 min after PCI. RESULTS MACE occurred in 5 ( 5.8 % ) and 9 ( 10.6 % ) patients in the atorvastatin arm and were larger than those of NoMD patients ( n=85 ). The clinical characteristics of the 2 groups were similar at baseline, with the exceptions of a significantly higher rate of hyperlipidemia in patients undergoing PPCI. Achievement of TIMI grade 3 and complete LV dilation ( OR 0.61, 95 % CI 0.52 to 0.73. and-). ). Previous trials have reported the superiority of PCI in STEMI patients/,+}  p groups.. We performed a systematic review and meta- analysis to determine whether statin treatment alone or in combination with PPCI functional recovery.. High-dose atorvastatin pre-treatment before PCI did not show a significant reduction of MACEs compared with low-dose aspirin alone or with both, and we performed a retrospective analysis of